comm check would life target acquired
how was that
abort Ethan what happened in the Kremlin
it was a setup
the Russians are classifying this as an
undeclared act of war the blame points
to you and your team president has
initiated ghost Protocol the entire IMF
has been disavowed so what happens now
your mission should you choose to accept
the secretary is dead the four of us are
all the remains of the IMF no safe house
no support or extraction everyone
connected with this man it's an asset
with valuable information we come back
with our target or we don't come back
and how do you propose that we do that
we take them out
yeah take your night but you know
discreetly it's greatly
this operation is over 40 begins as you
can't explain yourself Brant who are you
really
we all have our secrets don't we eat
them
okay this is the slight wrinkle we're
gonna have to go into the server room
from the outside we I'm on the computer
you